(Starting with HeeJin, LOOΠΔ members showing individual and unit performances)
(Meanwhile, Olivia Hye is getting ready for the special performance)
(Looks nervous…)
‘Aren’t you nervous?’
Olivia Hye: Actually I’m less nervous than I felt when I did ‘Premier Greeting’
Olivia Hye: I think experience is very valuable and important~
(And Go Won is waiting for the special performance on the opposite side)
Go Won: It’s not a rehearsal and Yves is performing right now
Go Won: Ah~ this loud sound makes me so nervous~
Go Won: And Olivia Hye is…
Go Won: She’s not nervous?
Go Won: Ah, you know
Go Won: That’s a lie~
Go Won: I know and this nervous feeling makes me…
(She’s so nervous that she’s babbling…)
(Go Won & Olivia Hye’s special performance, START!)
(Here comes Olivia Hye!)
(They are making such a great memory with fans!)